home ps I greet you again today
welcome to a new hit video
from me
And that's about the new products
remedy moon
I had you some time ago
instagram and facebook already the
news posted now joining in
The shelves move in as far as care is concerned
white limited editions or too
Products that have emerged now
move in and I want you
now introduce a little more detail
and wish you a lot of fun
when a video the shower krems and
We are all familiar with body milk
and now we can focus on two bodies
peelings look forward to the
fragrance variants strawberry jam and if
her this rather bulky milkshake
This is definitely for you
something to do now to spring and to
Of course, summer is one of those too
limited edition especially if you are on it
departure time quickly ensures this
product it will not be permanent
give access to lungs and I am reading now
Just imagine what we're going for
body scrub stands for one thing is
product wigan it free of silicones and
para bees skin compatibility is
dermatologically confirmed and I was
super top class think is that
whole with jojo barak speed as it is
Ideal for the environment and for
the skin so if you go on it
then be sure to check out this new one
body peeling times
on the other hand, but in the standard
Max should feed the fragrance variants
in the morning and I love this one
fragrance so find it right now in the morning
I totally did that
Of course you do not like him
everybody's thing
I personally make the fragrance very much
like and here again so if you
on the fragrance departure then look
the product from the pine trees
it is very gentle on the skin
so you can do it all three times
or use in the week
I think it's really better
really very gentle so if you are
this is on intense peeling
not for you but nevertheless
away is the hautschüppchen and me
think it's really great
So I have it often lately
used traveled here and there mine
skin then really super soft I know
but still one right now
in combination with the body with the moon
really great top class and then
the fragrance really does take some time
on
That's why it's definitely one
worth a look we have two here
125 milliliters of content for two euros 95
and and I personally think the price
is also from now on in the trade
truffle in selected drugstores
I always have to look and I can tell you
Definitely recommend
then there are and also have
quite a lot of you already
pleased the body praise and otherwise yes
really a product euro many opinions
So far, some are diverge
say that's just right for and
in between some can say quite
so I start'm such a type just
in the summer namely body spray a lot
rather than 25 because I can not find them
so intense and I still think has
such a fresh effect so want me
that for one thing it will be here too
give the fragrance variants ginger alden and
I always find these texts so sweet
this title is now quite practical here
of course in the pump dispenser
we have 200 milliliters in here
and these products so the
with the body spray it will only be that way
as a limited edition give so there must
you really hurry too
But the products have already been made by one
spotted by you so just look
So in the morning
I really think of the fragrance
one to one as on the body me so
a shower or the peeling
just exactly like that
a bit refreshing and if you are in the
The refrigerator provides on the go
breathtaking so I'm so excited
I have some in the last time
used and I like it very much
In addition, I was quite productive
quite interesting were this year and
though suite blueberry memories and
Blueberry actually existed
nothing now mirror somehow now
in the assortment of the others
product lines and that's why I have to say
it is also something quite interesting
fabric is that he is a bit
sweet but it still wears very well
after blueberries so I like it
It smells very good, but maybe it does
not everybody's thing
and again free of silicones
and cabins and the product vegan the
skin compatibility it confirms and it
is just a kind of yes I say
Good mood for spraying and
simply very refreshing very pleasant
of course you have to spray more often so
it's not like perfume or something but
a personality now in combination
if I got it is that
also a lot of love and as I like so very
especially this blue would be body spray
that has really impressed me
is on it , of course, suite is like
as a limited edition said these two
So body brings you back to you
Price from 22 to 95 also I think
that works and it is also convenient for
on the way and yes so I am still
hard at the test
and you just have the quicktipp
that knows now about the
news about how it wobbles now and the
look at the things others
Write me in the comments
if you already own that too
have secured one or the other product
because the things are there now shows
My week about where to start
they are already more at the end of february
been spotted
and as I said, maybe write me
in the comment I hope mine
tip tip were a bit helpful for
you and otherwise I would say say
Of course we always like each other
in the next video again
animal loving hitherto Zschau